okay how are you this is your moment TV
radio publishing like Learjets
you know that's not why I wrote it you
do know that you're helping people so
tell me what motivated the book ah my
wife died three years ago
never intended for anyone to actually
read it the only thing separating you
and me is in your head
I'm sorry would you like to have a cup
of coffee I have never been on a date
with someone who has a cardboard cutout
of themselves it really it for the
carpool lane how long you been at this
oh I finally got up the guts a couple of
years ago to open my own shop may I just
point out now you're dating some guy
who's not even gonna be in town for 72
hours
I like
still trying to wrap my head around what
your thing is it's a long story
yeah but isn't that your whole thing
talking about it thank you for the drink
yeah thanks you tend to fall for these
guys with expiration dates right on the
forehead riving too harsh yes
what are you gonna stop lying sons
you have to give yourself permission to
start living your life again you're
right
I didn't go to her funeral so everything
in your book I couldn't do any of it at
all can I say something with the
acknowledgement that my life is a
experiment in really bad decisions you
really messed up
give me a chance will you do that for me
that's gy Marty
where we going so I'm not not isn't it
is again
you